today I'm going to teach you how to make
a little scrapbook photo album out of
paper lunch bags all you do is take it's
a smaller size I don't know if there's
bigger ones but it's this size paper
lunch bag and you just fold all the
pages in half or all the bags in half
first and decide how many you want I've
done anywhere from four to eight it does
you know it depends on how much or what
the thickness is that you want so then
you take it and use a hole punch or
paper punch and just punch let's see
three four five I have six holes here
that's probably as close as you want to
get them you don't want them to overlap
and make too big of a space then take
the other bags once you get one done and
then just take a pencil and mark in
there in the little holes to show where
they are and go ahead and do every page
like that so that you can have your
holes what we're going to do in the end
then is put ribbons through there to
keep all the pages together so you have
all your pages now I take a piece of
scrapbook paper and you know me I mark
it with my thumb here so I'm here cut it
across and then just take a glue stick
and glue it on you can do a little strip
across the top or a key corner or
however you want to put words on it like
like this one has and you do all the
pages that way
you each page you decorate and make into
a scrapbook page and if you want to give
this for a gift for somebody else you
can leave all the pages blank like my
daughter did for this one for her friend
so she just kind of put some
embellishments on there and then they
can find some pictures of their own to
put in once you actually you can put the
ribbons on first if you want she only
did one and each hole sometimes I like
to do two or three through the same hole
and then leave them a little longer and
give it a shaggy ER look but then you
can have little places in here I think
this one
as a better example of that little see
some of the ends of the bags will be
open and you can keep little keepsakes
in there just different little things if
you had tickets to a movie or something
that you went to and pictures of that so
it's a cute little idea either for a
gift or for yourself and it's a very fun
craft to do with your kids my my
daughter's friend did a book for her of
Robin Hood because they all like to
watch Robin Hood on BBC you could do
bugs you know if your child likes bugs
or baseball players or whatever the case
might be do a little scrapbook like that
it's for boys and girls and as you can
see my daughter's friend used little
pieces of baler twine to do hers so
enjoy have a good time and make some
scrapbooks